Implemented closed-form solution in `detect_clearsky` (#2217)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/whatsnew/v0.11.1.rst

* Added function for calculating wind speed at different heights,
  :py:func:`pvlib.atmosphere.windspeed_powerlaw`.
  (:issue:`2118`, :pull:`2124`)
* Implemented closed-form solution for alpha in detect_clearsky, obviating
  the call to scipy.optimize that was prone to runtime errors and minimizing

>   computation, :py:func:`pvlib.clearsky.detect_clearsky`. Resolves :issue:`2712`.

Reviewer: Should be `:issue:`2171`, :issue:`2216`

>   computation, :py:func:`pvlib.clearsky.detect_clearsky`. Resolves :issue:`2712`.

Reviewer 2: Updated, thanks ❣️

> * Implemented closed-form solution for alpha in detect_clearsky, obviating
>   the call to scipy.optimize that was prone to runtime errors and minimizing
>   computation, :py:func:`pvlib.clearsky.detect_clearsky`. Resolves :issue:`2712`.

Reviewer 3: Link the function in the first line and then no need to repeat it here at the end as (I think?) we only do that if it is a new function being added
```suggestion
* Implemented closed-form solution for alpha in
  :py:func:`pvlib.clearsky.detect_clearsky`, obviating
  the call to scipy.optimize that was prone to runtime errors and minimizing
  computation. (:issue:`2171`, :issue:`2216`, :pull:`2217`).
```
